yes yes y'all you don't stop dat Twitter
nah rock oh you see it right there
Carmelo Anthony is rocking a chicago
bulls jersey while he's in the Bulls
uniform I should say so of course i was
reading the news and after quickly say
excuse me clearly cheering in the
background currently watching the brazil
vs cameroon game mozilla up one nil and
excuse me if you hear any sniffle i am
currently got a fever and it's blocking
I'm i knows his anyway we'll talk
real quick about Carmelo Anthony and
Kevin Love hello Anthony apparently has
opted out of his contract according to
CBS Sports I was reading up just couple
second row so my knees caught opted out
of his contract where should he go this
offseason well there's a lot of talk
that he may go to Chicago there was a
picture of him with Scottie Pippen and
the pitman family in Paris so I don't
know maybe that's an option but where
would be the best fit for comment on
Anthony I don't think the Bulls would be
a good fit and here's why I'm saying
that Derrick Rose is the main star in
Chicago Carmelo were most likely have to
become second star if you know what I
mean behind Derrick Rose will test their
native kid Derrick Rose Canaan of
Chicago that's the hometown hero
Canelo's a hometown here for New York
but he know since he's opted out his
contract stuff like that you know it's
gonna happen Cabela wasn't much of a
team plays more of a scoring option he's
the first scoring option and oh my
goodness I think can move just scored
against Brazil anyway back to folks
about the Carmelo Anthony talks so if he
goes to Chicago Bulls even be definitely
a top scorer and that will help with the
Chicago Bulls looking for a secondary
scoring option or another scoring option
other than Derek rolls so that's what
talks behind carmella Anthony and of
course we need to think about
hammerstine loser because Carlos
Boozer's Carlos Boozer i hain't no boozy
he was good at one point but he
nominees it's a bit awkward anyway what
do you think carmella Anthony should go
and of course we are not forgetting
about the main man above car Lil Kevin
Love that was been around but didn't
rhyme so well so you see it right here
as well Kevin Love in a Chicago Bulls
utiful apparently he's not liking his
time in Minnesota will he get out of
Minnesota and where should he go there
talks about him going to the Golden
State Warriors the reason I put them in
Chicago Bulls uniforms for some huge
balls man I love to see this to happen
I'd love to see this happen in general
actually love comes to the bulls that
get rid of a boozer and that keep
bringing up a scenario with Boozer but
losers buzzer Danny was good at one
point I keep reoccurring that anyway you
can add to stretch for it's gonna be
great to see a despite me missing them
three-point attempt okay love ya the
healthy derrick rose comes back and he's
adding in it's gonna be great to see
this so let me know what you guys think
about where Carmelo Anthony Kevin Love
may go this season or this offseason I
should say and yeah of course if you
enjoy the video please give it a thumbs
up if you knew this channel please hit
that subscribe button I have a second
youtube channel called ht29 TV be sure
to check that out i'm a facebook twitter
instagram vine and twitch just google it
all in a t29 and look at that
thoughtless move shot and speaking of
post move shot I'm currently working on
the how to post move with hakeem
olajuwon video the real life thing yup I
just kind of get away and the diesels
are prized in the end right there were
you guys to see in the next upcoming
video which should hopefully be out
tomorrow so stay tuned for that
and what else wasn't gonna mention yeah
that's basically I don't post that many
to do this week guys I'm so sorry it's
because I'm trying to finish off my
university work and I will try to get
that done ASAP and i think is another
goal from brazil nope just tripping
balls illimitably you guys think well
I'll see you guys soon peace to you